Name: 1872-09-25-central_presbyterian.txt
Date: 1872-09-25
Paper: The central Presbyterian
Paperkey: central_presbyterian
Page: 2
City: richmond
State: VA virginia
Url: http://www.loc.gov/resource/sn89053987/1872-09-25/ed-1/?sp=2
Title: 
Author: 
---

Chinese Students.

Mention was made last week of the arrival of thirty young men from
China, sent by the government to be educated in this country. A
Chinese gentleman, high in the councils of his government is at the
head of this interesting party. In his youth he resided in Great
Britain, but on account of the deplorable course of the British
Government in forcing opium into China, he has used his influence in
having them brought here rather than to Great Britain.

The circular letter found below, from Mr. Northrop, of New Haven,
Conn., who seems to be a principal adviser in the case, gives
additional information concerning this most interesting matter.

New Haven, Sept. 14, 1872.

Yung Wing, the Agent of the Chinese Government, has just arrived,
having under his care about thirty Chinese boys of the average age of
twelve years. He wishes me immediately to find places for them.

They will be distributed in cultured families in different parts of
Connecticut and Massachusetts.  Only two will be in the same family,
and usually but two in the same town. They have just begun the study
of English, and will need private instruction in our language and in
the rudimentary studies.  In all one hundred and twenty boys are to be
sent to this country. They are to remain fifteen years, so as to allow
time for a thorough and complete course of studyâ€”academic, collegiate,
and professional. In personal expenses the strictest economy will be
enjoined.

For board, washing, fuel, lights and private instruction, I am
authorized to offer nine dollars each when they are taken one in a
place, and sixteen dollars a week for two occupying together the same
room.

The significance and importance of this noble and comprehensive plan
of the Chinese Government, ought to be so appreciated by a Christian
people, as to secure a welcome for these boys in the homes which
illustrate the best phase of American society.  The present movement
is an experiment. If wisely conducted at the outset, it will be a
grand success, and expand into broad agencies and vast results.

If you can receive two of these boys into your family, please inform
me promptly.

B. G. Northrop.

