Name: 1878-07-29-baltimore_sun.txt
Date: 1878-07-29
Paper: Baltimore Sun
Paperkey: baltimore_sun
Page: 1
City: baltimore
State: MD maryland
Url: 
Title: 
Author: 
---

In the letter of credence to our government there are two officials
namedâ€”Chih Lan Pin and Yung Wing. The latter has resided in the United
States for many years, and is well and favorably known in connection
with the Chinese educational mission. His tour of the country and
inspection of its public schools, several years ago, will still be
remembered. Yung Wing will be subordinate to Chih Lan Pin, and, if
results should justify the movement, he may be transferred to the
Spanish and Peruvian missions, leaving the senior minister permanently
located in Washington. Chih Lan Pin is an official of high rank. He is
decorated with the peacock feather and wears the button of the second
grade, while Yung Wing wears the button only. Although to the occident
these may appear trifling distinctions they represent serious and
important distinctions of rank in China.

A NEW DEPARTURE IN CHINA.

Towards the close of 1875 the Chinese foreign office addressed a
memorial to the imperial government proposing the establishment of
regular diplomatic relations with foreign states, and the proposition
met with a favorable reception. The first action taken by the Chinese
government in pursuance of this policy was the appointment of Chih Lan
Pin and Yung Wing, which received the imperial signature on December
11, 1875. Among the Chinese statesmen who advocated the departure, and
who were mainly instrumental in procuring its adoption by the foreign
office, were Li Hung Chang, imperial tutor and vice president of the
Board of War; Tung Yih Tcheang, Governor-General of Fuk Yien, and
imperial commissioner to Foochow board. Both these men were
prominently connected with the original Chinese educational mission,
which was a successful operation in this country. It was Li Hung Chang
whose differences with Sir Thomas Wade, the English minister, nearly
led to an open rupture of relations between England and China a few
years ago.
