Name: 1881-10-02-daily_globe.txt
Date: 1881-10-02
Paper: Daily globe
Paperkey: daily_globe
Page: 4
City: saint paul
State: MN minnesota
Url: http://www.loc.gov/resource/sn83025287/1881-10-02/ed-1/?sp=4
Title: 
Author: 
---

The Chinese educational mission in the United States has been
abolished, and the students sent to some of the New England colleges
by the Chinese government have been ordered home. This action is based
on report made by a special commissioner sent to America to examine
into the progress being made by the young heathens. The commissioner,
who bears the melodious title of Woo Kia Shin, found that, "although
the boys had not learned all the useful sciences, they had adopted all
the bad customs of America." T. King, one of the students, writes to a
New Hampshire paper, criticising the action of his government. He
claims that the Chinese students were doing very well, and says that
Mr. Commissioner Woo Kia Shin, being one of the ultre conservative
party, very naturally looks with disfavor upon American methods and
institutions, and sent disparaging reports of the educational mission
to his government, regardless of accuracy or justice. Mr. King; in
addition to scientific and literary attainments, appears to have
learned a little more freedom of speech than is usually tolerated in
his native country, and we may expect to hear of his being drawn and
quartered or immersed in boiling oil when he gets home.
