Name: 1881-09-02-nyt.txt
Date: 1881-09-02
Paper: The New York Times
Paperkey: nyt
Page: 5
City: new york
State: NY new york
Url: 
Title: China's Backward Step
Author: 
---

CHINA'S BACKWARD STEP

THE RECALL OF THE STUDENTS IN THIS COUNTRY.
BREAKING UP THE EDUCATIONAL MISSION---THE BOYS CALLED HOME WITH A
HALF---FINISHED TRAINING---THE OPEN HOSTILITY OF THE COMMISSIONER.

HARTFORD, Sept. 1.-The breaking up of the promising Chinese
Educational Mission in this city is rapidly going on, and it will soon
be a thing of the past. This action is sincerely regretted here, not
only because the boys had become great favorites, but because it seems
to those who had become interested in the mission a serious step
backward on the part of the Chinese Empire. The mission was started
with the approval of the Viceroy and of eminent and far-sighted
Chinese statesmen, prominent among whom were Tseng Kwoh Fan and Ting
Yih Tcheang, who cordially seconded the efforts of Yung Wing, who from
the first has been the soul of the enterprise. The history of the last
named, as it will some time be written, will make an intensely
interesting story. Judged from the American standpoint, the mission
has been a great success. About 125 boys were sent over here and their
progress, as a whole, ought to be a source of pride to the whole
Chinese nation. That a few of the number should be found lacking was
to be expected, but the number has been surprisingly small. Most of
them, notwithstanding, the disadvantages against which they have had
to contend, have proved apt scholars, have taken high rank in the
preparatory schools, and were giving high promise of brilliant
attainment in the colleges. They are called home just as their
academic training is about half finished, and after they had become
greatly interested in the work.

The cause of this unexpected action is easily explained. The death of
Tseng Kwoh Fan and the retirement of the Governor, Ting Yih Tcheang,
left the Viceroy, Li Hung Chang, at home to shoulder the
responsibility alone, a delicate task, when it is remembered that the
enemies of the mission and of progress in China are strong and
active. The Commissioner, Woo Tze Tun, who was appointed in 1880, is
the avowed author of the recall. He is understood to have been always
hostile to the mission, although during the life of Tseng Kwoh Fan he
was overruled, and at one time withdrew his hostility and agreed to
allow the work to have a fair trial. His appointment was not regarded
as an act of hostility, and was probably not so intended. But ever
since his arrival in this country, he is supposed to have been at work
against the mission. Woo's reports to the home Government, according
to trustworthy accounts, have represented the students as a bad lot;
that their studies were of no practical benefit either to themselves
or to the Chinese Government, while their minds were said to be
corrupted beyond reclamation. He therefore urged the breaking up of
the mission. It is not conceivable that he formed his opinions from
actual observation or examination, for his conclusions are certainly
contrary to fact. The presumption is that he was influenced chiefly by
his own prejudices against American civilization. His representations,
however, naturally alarmed the Viceroy, whose fears were only allayed
by a circular letter, signed by the Presidents of the leading colleges
and scientific schools, together with a personal letter from
Gen. Grant, all commending the progress of the Chinese students in
their studies, as well as their manly conduct. The only result of
Woo's opposition was an order to have 20 or 30 of the most unpromising
students sent home. Nevertheless, Woo's hostility continued, and
finally an imperial order came for Chin Lan Pin, the Minister at
Washington, to make an investigation of the charges and report. This
was seven or eight months ago, but if Minister Chin has ever visited
Hartford to make an investigation the fact cannot be ascertained.
Instead of this, he seems to have accepted Woo's opinions without
investigation, and gave the coup de grace to the mission by a memorial
to the Emperor, the substance of which was recently published in a
Tien-tsin paper. He accepts without question all of Woo's charges, and
says of the Educational Mission that "the benefits are little, the
evils much." As the boys have been scattered among the principal
schools and colleges of New-England, this verdict from so high an
authority would be considered damaging if it were not generally
regarded as evidence of purblind prejudice. Moreover, as the students
were originally received by request of the Chinese Government through
the Secretary of State, this official action of the Minister is as
discourteous to the Government as it is uncomplimentary to the
American educational system.

It would be interesting to have the opinion of Yung Wing upon this
defeat of the cherished scheme of his life. But Yung, although
manifestly disappointed, declines to make any public statement,
perhaps regarding it as not in accordance with official etiquette, and
preferring to wait until he reaches Peking before expressing his
views. In private conversation he is reported as saying that the
imperial Government has had no intention of casting a stigma upon the
American educational system, but has acted upon the misrepresentations
of officers in whose judgment it was bound to confide. Trusting to Woo
and Chin, the Government could not do otherwise than order the mission
discontinued. Yung has little expectation that the enterprise will be
renewed. He will return to China and give an account of his
stewardship. While waiting for the arrival of his successor be has
been spending the Summer with his Yankee wife and charming family in a
pleasant cottage at Westbrook, on the Sound.

Chian T'san YÃ¼, the newly appointed Chinese Minister to the United
States, is expected to arrive in October. He is represented as a man
of about 50 years of age, who has had much experience in public
affairs, and is a favorite of the Viceroy, Li Hung Chang, He was for
10 years assistant manager of the Shanghai arsenal, a position of
responsibility. For the past three years he has been in charge of the
Custom-house at Tien-Tsin and of the adjoining Customs district,
perhaps the most lucrative position of the sort in the empire,
yielding a legitimate income to the incumbent of about $200,000 a
year. It is probable, therefore, that Chiang ranks among the
millionaires. It is more gratifying, however, to know that he is a
liberal and belongs to the party of progress. It is to be regretted
that he was not sent here several years ago in place of the
conservative, anti-progressive Chin.
