Name: 1881-09-29-chicago_tribune.txt
Date: 1881-09-29
Paper: Chicago daily tribune.
Paperkey: chicago_tribune
Page: 4
City: chicago
State: IL illinois
Url: http://www.loc.gov/resource/sn84031492/1881-09-29/ed-1/?sp=4
Title: CHINESE RETALIATION.
Author: 
---

CHINESE RETALIATION.

The news from China is to the effect that the Celestials are
dissatisfied with the recent treaty negotiations between their country
and Americaâ€”a treaty to which their Government freely consented and
inserted many clauses; and that the recent withdrawal of the Chinese
students from Hartford to be called home and others to be placed in
European colleges is solely ascribable to the hostile sentiments that
prevail there against the treaty. Under such circumstances it is of
some interest to know the character of the treaty that was made last
year by the Commissioners Plenipotentiary of this country and freely
agreed to by the Chinese Commissioners. The only restrictive clause in
the treaty is that which provides that "Whenever, in the opinion of
the Government of the United States, the coming of Chinese laborers to
the United States or their residence therein, affects or threatens to
affect the interests*of that country, to endanger the good order of
the said country, or of any locality within the territory thereof, the
Government of China agrees that the Government of the United States
may regulate, limit, or suspend such coming or residence, but may not
absolutely prohibit it." This limitation, however, is required to be
"reasonable," and applies only to Chinese who come as competitive
laborers. It allows Chinese teachers, students, and merchants, and
those traveling from curiosity, together with all their body and
household servants, to go and come without interference of any
kind. It provides that the thousands of Chinese laborers who are now
here shall be allowed to go and come of their own accord, and it
secures them all the "rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions
which are accorded to the citizens and subjects of the most favored
nations," although not one of those thousands ever intends to become
an American citizen, or to assimilate in any way with the American
people. More than this, the treaty provides that if any Chinese
laborers or Chinese of any class, residing here temporarily or
permanently, meet with ill-treatment, the Government of this country
will protect them.

With the commercial treaty the Chinese find no fault, as its
provisions are mutually protective and do not discriminate in favor of
either country. What galls them is that they cannot empty fresh
ship-loads of coolies and courtesans upon our shores as heretofore
without restriction and crowd our Pacific Coast with the lowest refuse
of their cities, packed on shipboard like hogs and dirtier than those
animals, owned, body, soul, and breeches, by the "Six Chinese
Companies," and bringing nothing with them but vice, dirt, and
disease, and to such an extent that they have to be quarantined off in
settlements by themselves where they exist in any number and placed
under the severest regulations to prevent thorn from contaminating
civilized localities.

Because the United States Government has asserted the right to protect
itself against this wholesale exportation of coolies the Chinese have
withdrawn their students from our colleges. If the pig-tailed
Celestials think that they inflict any injury upon us by this act they
are much mistaken. We can get along without their students much bettor
than we can with their opium-smoking coolies. No American would take
it seriously to heart if he never again saw a Chinaman of any degree,
and it would be an occasion fur general rejoicing if the Chinese
Government would also order every Chinaman In this country to go home
and stay there. We have all we need of them now, and more too. They
have occasioned nothing but trouble ever since they landed on the
Pacific Coast They have swarmed into places belonging to better men,
because they can herd together like swine and live in a way not
possible to imitate. They have brought nothing to this country except
their vices, which are beastly, their diseases, which are loathsome,
and their habits, which are disgusting. They do not consider
themselves as amenable to our laws, though they claim their
protection. They do not affiliate with American habits and customs
like other foreigners, because they have no intention of ever becoming
American citizens.  There are no points in common between Americans
and Chinese, nor is China at all interesting or important to
Americans. It would be a matter of supreme indifference if they never
heard of the country again.  The only class of people in this country
who have any interest at all in china are old ladles, who fancy they
cannot get along without Chinese tea. So far as the Chinese students
are concerned, while we may have some regret that the pig-tailed young
gentlemen have lost the opportunity to get civilized ideas into their
Celestial craniums, we have no special sorrow over their departure,
because we would rather lose them than endure any further importation
of coolies. In point of fact, it would be better for this country if
the Chinese Government would immediately order every one of its
subjects home and forbid them from ever again coming to America. If
the Chinese do not like us, let them stay away. We certainly do not
want them here.
