* = longer article

PAPERS
abbeville_press        The Abbeville press and banner      ; SC abbeville
aegis_intelligencer    The aegis & intelligencer.          ; MD bel air
albany_register        The Albany register                 ; OR albany
alexandria_gazette     Alexandria gazette                  ; VA alexandria
arizona_central        The Arizona sentinel
arizona_citizen        Arizona weekly citizen              ; AZ tucson
arizona_citizen        Weekly Arizona citizen              ; AZ tucson
ashtabula_telegraph    Ashtabula telegraph                 ; OH ashtabula
baltimore_sun          Baltimore Sun                       ; MD baltimore
belleville_telescope   Belleville Telescope                ; KS belleville
belmont_chronicle      Belmont chronicle                   ; OH saint clairsville
benton_record          The Benton weekly record.           ; MT fort benton
bloomsburg_columbian   The Columbian.                      ; PA bloomsburg
bolivar_bulletin       The Bolivar bulletin.               ; TN bolivar
boston_post            Boston Post                         ; MA boston
bozeman_courier        Bozeman avant courier.              ; MT bozeman
butte_weekly_miner     The weekly miner.                   ; MT butte
cairo_bulletin         The Cairo bulletin                  ; IL cairo
cairo_bulletin         The daily Cairo bulletin            ; IL cairo
cambria_freeman        The Cambria freeman.                ; PA edensburg
carson_city_appeal     Morning appeal.                     ; NV carson city
carson_daily_appeal    Carson daily appeal.                ; NV carson city
central_presbyterian   The central Presbyterian            ; VA richmond
centre_democrat        Centre Democrat.                    ; PA bellefonte
centre_reporter        The Centre reporter.                ; PA pennsylvania
charlotte_democrat     The Charlotte Democrat              ; NC charlotte
chester_daily_times    Chester Daily Times                 ; PA chester
chicago_tribune        Chicago tribune.                    ; IL chicago
chicago_tribune        Chicago daily tribune.              ; IL chicago
chillicothe_crisis     Weekly Chillicothe crisis.          ; MO chillicothe
cincinnati_commercial  Cincinnati Commercial               ; OH cincinnati
cleveland_leader       The Cleveland Leader                ; OH cleveland
colorado_springs_gaz   Colorado Springs Gazette            ; CO colorado springs
columbus_democrat      Columbus Democrat.                  ; MS columbus
concord_independent    Independent statesman               ; NH concord
connecticut_western    Connecticut western news.           ; CT north canaan
corvallis_gazette      The Corvallis gazette               ; OR corvallis
county_paper           The County paper.                   ; MO oregon
daily_argus            The Rock Island Argus               ; IL rock island
daily_argus            The Rock Island daily Argus         ; IL rock island
daily_astorian         The Daily Astorian                  ; OR astoria
daily_bee              Omaha daily bee                     ; NE omaha
daily_globe            Daily globe                         ; MN saint paul
daily_intelligencer    The daily intelligencer             ; WA seattle
daily_leader           The Cheyenne daily leader           ; WY cheyenne
daily_phoenix          The daily phoenix                   ; SC columbia
daily_republican       Daily Republican                    ; DE wilmington
daily_tribune          New York Daily Tribune              ; NY new york
dallas_herald          The Dallas weekly herald            ; TX dallas
democratic_statesman   The weekly democratic statesman     ; TX austin
deseret_news           Salt Lake City Deseret News         ; UT salt lake city
dillon_tribune         The Dillon tribune.                 ; MT dillon
dodge_city_times       Dodge City times.                   ; KS dodge city
dodgeville_chronicle   Dodgeville chronicle                ; WI dodgeville
eaton_democrat         Eaton weekly Democrat               ; OH eaton
eaton_democrat         The Eaton Democrat                  ; OH eaton
elk_county_advocate    The Elk County advocate.            ; PA ridgway
ellsworth_american     Ellsworth American                  ; ME ellsworth
essex_county_herald    Essex County herald.                ; VT island pond
eureka_daily_sentinel  Eureka daily sentinel.              ; NV nevada
evening_star           Evening star                        ; DC washington
evening_star           Evening star.                       ; DC washington
fayette_county_herald  Fayette County herald               ; OH washington court house
findlay_jeffersonian   The Findlay Jeffersonian            ; OH findlay
fremont_weekly_journal The Fremont weekly journal          ; OH fremont
frostburg_mining       Frostburg mining journal.           ; MD frostburg
geneseo_sun            Geneseo Sun                         ; IL geneseo
genevieve_fair_play    Fair play.                          ; MO sainte genevieve
gloucester_democrat    Gloucester County Democrat          ; NJ woodbury
gold_hill_news         Gold Hill daily news.               ; NV gold hill
grant_county_herald    Grant County herald                 ; WI lancaster
hawaiian_gazette       The Hawaiian gazette.               ; HI honolulu
hawk_eye_gazette       Burlington Daily Hawk Eye Gazette   ; IA burlington
herald_and_mail        The herald and mail                 ; TN columbia
hickman_courier        The Hickman courier.                ; KY hickman
holt_county_sentinel   The Holt County sentinel.           ; MO oregon
honolulu_advertiser    The Pacific commercial advertiser.  ; HI honolulu
indiana_sentinel       The Indiana State sentinel
indianapolis_journal   Indianapolis Journal                ; IN indianapolis
indianapolis_news      Indianapolis News                   ; IN indianapolis
jackson_clarion        The weekly clarion.                 ; MS jackson
jackson_standard       The Jackson standard                ; OH jackson
janesville_gazette     Janesville Gazette                  ; WI janesville
jasper_weekly_courier  The Jasper weekly courier           ; IN jasper
jonesborough_herald    Herald and tribune.                 ; TN jonesborough
juniata_sentinel       Juniata sentinel and Republican.    ; PA mifflintown
kennebec_journal       Daily Kennebec journal              ; ME augusta
knoxville_chronicle    Knoxville daily chronicle.          ; TN knoxville
knoxville_chronicle    Knoxville weekly chronicle.         ; TN knoxville
knoxville_journal      Knoxville journal.                  ; TN knoxville
la_daily_herald        Daily Los Angeles herald            ; CA los angeles
la_daily_herald        Los Angeles daily herald            ; CA los angeles
lake_charles_echo      The Lake Charles echo.              ; LA lake charles
lamar_register         The Lamar register.
lancaster_intelligencer Lancaster daily intelligencer.     ; PA lancaster
litchfield_enquirer    Litchfield enquirer.
lyon_county_times      Lyon County times.                  ; NV lyon county
madison_state_journal  Madison Wisconsin State Journal     ; WI madison
magnolia_gazette       The Magnolia gazette.               ; MS magnolia
manitowoc_pilot        The Manitowoc pilot                 ; WI manitowoc
mankato_free_press     The Mankato free press              ; MN mankato
martinsburg_indep      Martinsburg independent             ; WV martinsburg
memphis_daily_appeal   Memphis daily appeal.               ; TN tennessee
memphis_public_ledger  Public ledger.                      ; TN memphis
middletown_transceipt  Middletown transcript               ; DE middletown
milan_exchange         The Milan exchange.                 ; TN milan
mineral_point_tribune  Mineral Point tribune               ; WI mineral point
morgan_republican      Martinsville Morgan County Republican;IN Martinsville
morning_journal        Morning journal and courier.        ; CT new haven
morristown_gazette     The Morristown gazette.             ; TN morristown
mower_county_xscript   Mower County transcript             ; MN austin
narragansett_herald    Narragansett herald                 ; RI narragansett pier
nashville_union        Nashville union and American.       ; TN nashville
national_republican    National Republican                 ; DC washington
national_republican    National Republican.                ; DC washington
nebraska_advertiser    Nebraska advertiser                 ; NE auburn
new_york_herald        The New York herald.                ; NY new york
new_york_sun           The sun.                            ; NY new york
new_york_tribune       New-York tribune                    ; NY new york
new_york_tribune       New-York tribune.                   ; NY new york
newtown_bee            The Newtown bee.                    ; CT newtown
nh_patriot             The People and New Hampshire patriot
no_republican          New Orleans Republican              ; LA new orleans
northern_ohio_journal  Northern Ohio journal               ; OH columbus
nyt                    The New York Times                  ; NY new york
oakland_republican     The Republican.                     ; MD maryland
ogden_junction         Ogden Junction                      ; UT ogden
opelousas_courier      The Opelousas courier.
opelousas_journal      The Opelousas journal.              ; LA opelousas
orangeburg_times       Orangeburg times                    ; SC orangeburg
osceola_times          The Osceola times                   ; AR osceola
oskaloosa_herald       The weekly Oskaloosa herald.
ottawa_free_trader     The Ottawa free trader              ; IL ottawa
pascagoula_star        The star of Pascagoula.             ; MS pascagoula
perrysburg_journal     Perrysburg journal                  ; PH perrysburg
philadelphia_times     Philadelphia Times                  ; PA philadelphia
pioche_record          Pioche daily record.                ; NV pioche
portland_press         The Portland daily press
press_and_dakotaian    Daily press and Dakotaian           ; SD yankton
puget_sound_argus      Puget Sound weekly Argus            ; WA port townsend
puget_sound_dispatch   Puget Sound dispatch                ; WA seattle
quincy_daily_herald    Quincy Daily Herald                 ; IL quincy
quincy_daily_whig      Quincy Daily Whig                   ; IL quincy
ravenna_democratic     The Democratic press                ; OH ravenna
red_cloud_chief        The Red Cloud chief                 ; NE red cloud
redwood_gazette        The Redwood gazette                 ; MN redwood falls
richmond_dispatch      The daily dispatch                  ; VA richmond
rutland_daily_globe    The Rutland daily globe.            ; VT rutland
rutland_weekly_herald  Rutland weekly herald.              ; VT rutland
sacramentio_union      Sacramento daily record-union       ; CA sacramento
saint_marys_beacon     Saint Mary's beacon.                ; MD leonardtown
saline_county_journal  The Saline County journal.          ; KS saline
salt_lake_herald       The Salt Lake herald.               ; UT salt lake
salt_lake_tribune      Salt Lake Daily Tribune             ; UT salt lake city
sandusky_register      Sandusky Daily Register             ; OH sandusky
savannah_morning_news  Savannah morning news               ; GA georgia
shenandoah_herald      Shenandoah herald                   ; VA woodstock
smyrna_times           Smyrna times
south_branch_intell    South Branch intelligencer          ; WV south branch
southern_christian     Southern Christian advocate         ; GA augusta
springfield_republican Springfield weekly Republican       ; MA springfield
state_journal          The Daily state journal             ; VA richmond
state_journal          The state journal.
stauntin_spectator     Staunton spectator
steubenville_herald    Steubenville Daily Herald and News  ; OH steubenville
sunbury_american       Sunbury American.                   ; PA sunbury
superior_times         The Superior times                  ; WI superior
the_star               The Star                            ; OH cincinnati
toledo_chronicle       The Toledo chronicle.               ; IA toledo
trinity_journal        Weekly Trinity journal              ; CA weaverville
vermont_phoenix        "Vermont ph\u0153nix."              ; VT brattleboro
washington_standard    Washington standard                 ; WA olympia
watertown_republican   Watertown republican                ; WI watertown
weekly_leader          Cheyenne Weekly leader              ; WY cheyenne
west_jersey_pioneer    West-Jersey pioneer                 ; NJ bridgeton
westminster_advocate   The Democratic advocate.            ; MD westminster
weston_democrat        The Weston Democrat                 ; WV weston
wheeling_intelligencer The Wheeling daily intelligencer    ; WV wheeling
willimantic_journal    The Willimantic journal
wilmington_gazette     The daily gazette                   ; DE wilmington
wilmington_gazette     Wilmington daily gazette            ; DE wilmington
wilmington_herald      The Morning herald                  ; DE wilmington
winchester_home_jour   The home journal.                   ; TN winchester
wood_country_reporter  Wood County reporter                ; WI wisconsin rapids
wood_river_advertiser  Wood River advertiser               ; RI hope valley
worcester_daily_press  Worcester daily press               ; MA worcester
worchester_spy         Worcester daily spy                 ; MA worcester
york_working_christian The working Christian               ; SC york
yorkville_enquirer     Yorkville enquirer                  ; SC york
union_county_courier   Union County courier                ; SD elk point
wellington_enterprise  The Wellington enterprise           ; OH wellington
new_york_dispatch      New York dispatch                   ; NY new york
morrisville_citizen    News and citizen.                   ; VT morrisville
huntsville_gazette     Huntsville gazette                  ; AL huntsville
maine_oxford_democrat  Oxford Democrat                     ; ME paris
kentucky_bourbon_news  The Bourbon news.                   ; KY paris
south_kentuckian       The south Kentuckian.               ; KY hopkinsville
ironton_register       Iron County register.               ; MO ironton
helena_herald          Helena weekly herald.               ; MT helena
idaho_s_weekly_world   Idaho semi-weekly world             ; ID idaho city
butte_s_weekly_miner   The semi-weekly miner.              ; MT butte
pinal_drill            The Pinal drill                     ; AZ pinal
maysville_bulletin     Evening bulletin.                   ; KY maysville
somerset_press         The Somerset press                  ; OH somerset
worthington_advance    The Worthington advance             ; MN worthington
yale_expositor         Weekly expositor                    ; MI yale
johnsbury_caledonian   St. Johnsbury Caledonian.           ; VT st johnsbury
orleans_county_monitor Orleans County monitor.             ; VT barton
barbour_county_index   Barbour County index.               ; KS medicine lodge
pickens_sentinel       The Pickens sentinel                ; SC pickens
dallas_herald          The Dallas daily herald             ; TX dallas
emporia_weekly_news    The Emporia weekly news.            ; KS emporia
monmouth_inquirer      The Monmouth inquirer               ; NJ freehold
wood_river_times       Wood River times                    ; ID hailey
albuquerque_journal    The Albuquerque morning journal.    ; NM albuquerque
fairfield_herald       The Fairfield news and herald       ; SC winnsboro
jamestown_alert        Jamestown weekly alert              ; ND jamestown
pt_pleasant_register   The weekly register                 ; WV point pleasant
andrew_republican      The Andrew County Republican.       ; MO savannah
burlington_free_press  Burlington weekly free press.       ; VT burlington
new_orleans_republican New Orleans Republican.             ; LA new orleans
charleston_daily_news  The Charleston daily news           ; SC charleston
orleans_morning_star   The morning star and Catholic messenger. ; LA new orleans
st_cloud_journal       The St. Cloud journal               ; MN saint cloud
green_mountain_freeman Green-Mountain freeman.             ; VT montpelier
river_falls_journal    River Falls journal                 ; WI river falls
las_vegas_gazette      Las Vegas morning gazette.          ; NV las vegas
las_vegas_gazette      Las Vegas daily gazette.            ; NV las vegas
wheeling_register      Wheeling register                   ; WV wheeling
pawpaw_true_northerner The true northerner                 ; MI pawpaw
lake_county_star       The Lake County star                ; MI baldwin
owosso_times           The Owosso times                    ; MI owosso
elko_independent       The weekly Elko independent.        ; NV elko
butler_citizen         Butler citizen.                     ; PA butler
mount_holly_news       The semi-weekly news                ; NJ mount holly
bloomfield_times       The New Bloomfield, Pa. times.      ; PA bloomfield
canton_advocate        The Canton advocate                 ; SD south dakota
iowa_county_democrat   Iowa County democrat                ; WI mineral point
stanford_interial_jour The interior journal.               ; KY standford
fremont_county_record  The Fremont County record           ; CO canon city
washington_critic      The Evening critic                  ; DC washington
canton_register        Canton register                     ; IL canton
weekly_visitor         The weekly visitor                  ; RI providence
columbus_journal       The Columbus journal                ; NE columbus
princeton_union        The Princeton union                 ; MN princeton
towanda_daily_review   Towanda daily review.               ; PA towanda
russelville_democreat  The Russellville Democrat           ; AR russelville
cleveland_herald       The weekly herald.                  ; TN cleveland
sumpter_watchhman      The watchman and southron           ; SC sumpter
iola_register          The Iola register.                  ; KS iola
peoples_vindicator     The People's vindicator.            ; LA natchitoches
mcminnville_standard   Southern standard.                  ; TN mcminnville
silver_state           The Silver state.                   ; NV silver state
st_landry_democrat     St. Landry democrat.                ; LA opelousas
wedena_farmer          The Northern Pacific farmer         ; MN wadena
tallahassee_floridian  The weekly Floridian.               ; FL tallahassee
new_ulm_weekly_review  New Ulm weekly review               ; NM new ulm
ouachita_telegraph     The Ouachita telegraph.             ; LA monroe
greenville_courier     Baptist courier                     ; SC greenville
brenham_weekly_banner  Brenham weekly banner               ; TX brenham


== 1872 ======================================================================

Welcome and rules of instruction
  1872-10-18-springfield_republican.txt *

yung wing and cem
  1872-10-21-the_star.txt
  1872-12-11-hawaiian_gazette.txt *

Money appropriated to send students
  1872-01-13-worchester_spy.txt
  1872-01-29-gold_hill_news.txt
  1872-02-09-albany_register.txt
  1872-06-27-york_working_christian.txt

Offensive poem about students coming to yale
  1872-02-21-andrew_republican.txt

Yung Wing bringing students to yale
  1872-03-02-opelousas_journal.txt
  1872-03-15-burlington_free_press.txt

Students coming
  1872-09-10-richmond_dispatch.txt
  1872-09-11-alexandria_gazette.txt
  1872-09-18-central_presbyterian.txt

arrival; fair complexion
  1872-09-30-daily_tribune.txt
  1872-09-13-gold_hill_news.txt
  1872-09-14-alexandria_gazette.txt
  1872-09-15-daily_phoenix.txt
  1872-09-15-knoxville_chronicle.txt
  1872-09-15-new_orleans_republican.txt
  1872-09-15-new_york_herald.txt
  1872-09-16-charleston_daily_news.txt
  1872-09-16-richmond_dispatch.txt
  1872-09-20-portland_press.txt
  1872-10-02-green_mountain_freeman.txt

arrival; religious precautions
  1872-09-16-new_york_tribune.txt
  1872-09-22-orleans_morning_star.txt
  1872-09-24-charlotte_democrat.txt
  1872-09-26-st_cloud_journal.txt
  1872-10-04-river_falls_journal.txt

arrival: passenger list
  1872-09-13-new_york_tribune.txt

students arrived
  1872-09-13-new_york_sun.txt
  1872-09-21-washington_standard.txt

students traveling to new england
  1872-09-14-gold_hill_news.txt
  1872-09-15-daily_leader.txt
  1872-09-19-nashville_union.txt
  1872-09-19-wheeling_intelligencer.txt
  1872-09-20-portland_press-2.txt
  1872-09-20-worchester_spy.txt
  1872-09-23-kennebec_journal.txt

students in chicago; laisun family
  1872-09-22-chicago_tribune.txt

letter from northrup soliciting host families
  1872-09-25-central_presbyterian.txt

ladies molesting students' queues
  1872-10-02-evening_star.txt
  1872-10-06-new_york_herald.txt

twenty-two students in CT; arrival in new haven
  1872-10-17-litchfield_enquirer.txt
  1872-10-26-superior_times.txt

chen laisun bio
  1872-11-15-worchester_spy.txt
  1872-11-18-new_york_herald.txt
  1872-11-18-new_york_herald-2.txt
  1872-12-21-gold_hill_news.txt

== 1873 ======================================================================

Interpreter Laisun taking too much credit
  1873-07-28-worcester_spy.txt *

Hawley and CEM tailor at church
  1873-01-03-springfield_republican.txt

Students at Yale [sic]
  1873-01-23-york_working_christian.txt

CEM introduction
  1873-06-12-litchfield_enquirer.txt*
  1873-05-16-rutland_daily_globe.txt
  1873-05-20-worchester_daily_press.txt*
  1873-05-20-worchester_daily_press.txt*
  1873-05-31-superior_times.txt*
  1873-06-05-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1873-08-18-nyt.txt

Students faith in confucius
  1873-02-22-northern_ohio_journal.txt

Arrival of students
  1873-07-14-gold_hill_news.txt
  1873-07-15-eureka_daily_sentinel.txt
  1873-07-15-pioche_record.txt
  1873-07-22-daily_argus.txt
  1873-08-15-connecticut_western.txt


Arrival of students and anti-chinese agitation
  1873-07-19-trinity_journal.txt

Train robbery
  1873-07-22-gold_hill_news.txt
  1873-07-23-carson_daily_appeal.txt
  1873-07-23-daily_leader.txt
  1873-07-23-daily_phoenix.txt
  1873-07-23-nashville_union.txt
  1873-07-23-new_york_tribune.txt
  1873-07-23-new_york_herald.txt
  1873-07-23-new_york_sun.txt
  1873-07-23-state_journal.txt
  1873-08-01-dodgeville_chronicle.txt
  1873-07-24-democratic_statesman.txt
  1873-07-23-worcester_daily_press.txt
  1873-07-24-puget_sound_dispatch.txt
  1873-07-25-cambria_freeman.txt
  1873-07-25-fremont_weekly_journal.txt
  1873-07-26-portland_press.txt
  1873-07-30-knoxville_chronicle.txt
  1873-07-29-stauntin_spectator.txt
  1873-07-31-redwood_gazette.txt
  1873-08-01-perrysburg_journal.txt
  1873-08-21-fayette_county_herald.txt

Farrar oration about liberty, with CEM students as examples
  1873-07-24-rutland_weekly_herald.txt

Chinese government pleased with reception of CEM students
  1873-12-04-new_york_tribune-2.txt
  1873-12-04-new_york_herald.txt
  1873-12-04-worchester_spy.txt
  1873-12-05-worcester_daily_press.txt
  1873-12-08-chicago_tribune.txt


Students in Hebron
  1873-08-15-willimantic_journal.txt

Yung Wing not ordered back
  1873-08-26-worchester_spy.txt

CEM commissioners
  1873-10-30-chicago_tribune.txt
  1873-10-30-national_republican.txt
  1873-10-30-worchester_spy.txt
  1873-10-30-no_republican.txt
  1873-12-04-new_york_tribune.txt *
  1873-11-01-worcester_daily_press.txt

== 1874 ======================================================================

two students admitted to yale
  1874-11-14-arizona_central.txt
  1874-10-30-herald_and_mail.txt

yung wing son graduating from wilbraham academy
  chron/1874-06-26-springfield-massachusetts-Springfield_Republican/

CEM introduction and students doing well
  1874-06-13-chicago_tribune.txt
  1874-06-19-state_journal.txt
  1874-06-26-jasper_weekly_courier.txt
  1874-11-13-albany_register.txt

Chinese students must leave
  1874-06-18-grant_county_herald.txt

Arrival of third detachment
  1874-07-02-ravenna_democratic.txt
  1874-07-04-ashtabula_telegraph.txt
  1874-07-23-knoxville_journal.txt
  1874-08-05-worcester_daily_press.txt
  1874-08-07-connecticut_western.txt
  1874-08-24-worchester_spy.txt
  1874-08-27-richmond_dispatch.txt
  1874-08-28-springfield_republican.txt
  1874-09-17-milan_exchange.txt
  1874-09-23-watertown_republican.txt
  1874-09-30-watertown_republican.txt
  1874-10-16-daily_bee.txt
  1874-10-24-chicago_tribune.txt
  1874-10-29-orangeburg_times.txt
  1874-10-30-holt_county_sentinel.txt
  1874-10-30-new_york_herald.txt
  1874-10-31-evening_star.txt
  1874-11-02-chicago_tribune.txt
  1874-11-03-hawk_eye_gazette.txt
  1874-11-04-watertown_republican.txt
  1874-11-05-new_york_tribune.txt
  1874-11-06-willimantic_journal.txt
  1874-11-07-daily_phoenix-2.txt
  1874-11-07-daily_phoenix.txt
  1874-11-11-deseret_news.txt
  1874-11-11-memphis_public_ledger.txt
  1874-11-12-daily_phoenix.txt
  1874-11-13-bozeman_courier.txt
  1874-11-13-opelousas_journal.txt
  1874-11-14-honolulu_advertiser.txt
  1874-11-17-indiana_sentinel.txt
  1874-11-19-knoxville_journal.txt
  1874-11-19-redwood_gazette.txt
  1874-11-21-northern_ohio_journal.txt

CEM introduction, Laisun commissioner
  1874-11-12-milan_exchange.txt

San Francisco consulate
  1874-08-02-lyon_county_times.txt
  1874-08-06-puget_sound_dispatch.txt

modern languages reception
  1874-10-24-portland_press.txt
  1874-10-24-worchester_spy.txt

Chinese students in New England
  1874-12-02-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1874-12-04-south_branch_intell.txt
  1874-12-08-indiana_sentinel.txt
  1874-12-10-yorkville_enquirer.txt


== 1875 ======================================================================

chan laisun letter
  1875-02-26-steubenville_herald.txt

scribner article on YW
  1875-04-23-state_journal.txt
  1875-04-21-cairo_bulletin.txt
  1875-04-23-quincy_daily_herald.txt
  1875-04-19-alexandria_gazette.txt
  1875-04-21-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1875-04-23-sunbury_american.txt
  1875-04-24-portland_press.txt
  1875-04-29-toledo_chronicle.txt
  1875-04-30-aegis_intelligencer.txt

twichell talk at yale
  1875-11-25-cleveland_leader.txt
  1875-11-24-janesville_gazette.txt

Arrival of third detachment
  1875-01-08-holt_county_sentinel.txt
  1875-01-14-oskaloosa_herald.txt

Students in New England
  1875-02-18-jonesborough_herald.txt
  1875-03-01-charlotte_democrat.txt

Death of student
  1875-04-19-new_york_herald.txt
  1875-04-19-portland_press.txt
  1875-04-20-worcester_daily_press.txt
  1875-04-20-worchester_spy.txt


Arrival of fourth detachment
  1875-09-03-springfield_republican.txt
  1875-09-04-wilmington_herald.txt
  1875-09-16-belmont_chronicle.txt
  1875-11-20-la_daily_herald.txt
  1875-11-20-pioche_record.txt
  1875-11-26-springfield_republican.txt
  1875-12-02-chicago_tribune.txt
  1875-12-03-springfield_republican.txt
  1875-12-15-jackson_clarion.txt
  1875-12-16-nebraska_advertiser.txt

Ngau Lauye
  1875-11-30-new_york_tribune.txt
  1875-12-08-indiana_sentinel.txt

Mistreatment of coolies in Cuba and Chinese students at military academies
  1875-12-10-new_york_tribune.txt

Chinese government wants students at military academies
  1875-12-17-findlay_jeffersonian.txt

Students' work to be shown at Centennial
  1875-12-30-new_york_tribune.txt
  1875-12-30-portland_press.txt


== 1876 ======================================================================

Chinese students in New England
  1876-11-23-wood_river_advertiser.txt
  1876-12-01-hickman_courier.txt
  1876-12-08-opelousas_journal.txt
  1876-12-21-lake_charles_echo.txt

Arrival of fourth detachment
  1876-01-14-connecticut_western.txt
  1876-01-20-redwood_gazette.txt
  1876-03-10-bloomsburg_columbian.txt
  1876-07-26-mineral_point_tribune.txt

Students' work to be shown at Centennial
  1876-01-19-mineral_point_tribune.txt
  1876-01-27-wood_country_reporter.txt

CEM introduction
  1876-02-26-new_york_tribune.txt

More students to be sent to Yale from China
  1876-03-10-springfield_republican.txt
  1876-03-17-willimantic_journal.txt
  1876-03-18-martinsburg_indep.txt

S. Damon talk referencing students as examples of Chinese intelligence
  1876-06-20-worcester_daily_press.txt

Students on vacation in Columbia
  1876-07-28-willimantic_journal.txt

Baseball club
  1876-08-19-northern_ohio_journal.txt

centennial visit
  1876-08-22-kennebec_journal.txt
  1876-08-22-national_republican.txt
  1876-08-22-new_york_tribune.txt
  1876-08-22-portland_press.txt
  1876-08-22-worcester_daily_press.txt
  1876-08-22-worchester_spy.txt
  1876-08-24-national_republican.txt
  1876-08-25-kennebec_journal.txt
  1876-08-25-national_republican.txt
  1876-08-25-new_york_herald.txt
  1876-08-25-new_york_tribune.txt
  1876-08-25-portland_press.txt
  1876-08-25-richmond_dispatch.txt
  1876-08-25-rutland_daily_globe.txt
  1876-08-25-worchester_spy.txt
  1876-08-28-wilmington_herald.txt
  1876-08-31-shenandoah_herald.txt
  1876-09-02-washington_standard.txt
  1876-09-06-watertown_republican.txt
  1876-09-17-chicago_tribune.txt
  1876-09-20-juniata_sentinel.txt
  1876-09-30-honolulu_advertiser.txt


== 1877 ======================================================================

advertisement for tutor who worked for y.w.
  1877-08-24-willimantic_journal.txt

Students in New England colleges
  1877-03-08-yorkville_enquirer.txt
  1877-04-22-new_york_herald.txt
  1877-05-18-south_branch_intell.txt
  1877-06-22-puget_sound_argus.txt
  1877-06-07-wood_river_advertiser.txt

Students winning academic prizes
  1877-04-28-essex_county_herald.txt
  1877-05-05-weston_democrat.txt
  1877-05-11-vermont_phoenix.txt
  1877-06-02-oakland_republican.txt
  1877-06-08-jasper_weekly_courier.txt

Ngeus several wives
  1877-08-12-new_york_herald.txt
  1877-08-23-genevieve_fair_play.txt

Chinese students staying on Block Island
  1877-08-17-willimantic_journal.txt

CEM introduction
  1877-09-13-carson_city_appeal.txt

Death of Sien Chin
  1877-09-22-kennebec_journal.txt
  1877-10-13-oakland_republican.txt
  1877-10-18-bolivar_bulletin.txt
  1877-10-19-columbus_democrat.txt
  1877-10-19-pascagoula_star.txt
  1877-10-20-osceola_times.txt
  1877-10-25-winchester_home_jour.txt
  1877-10-25-wood_country_reporter.txt
  1877-12-29-opelousas_courier.txt


Chinese students in New England
  1877-11-01-new_york_tribune.txt
  1877-11-06-memphis_public_ledger.txt
  1877-11-22-bolivar_bulletin.txt
  1877-11-24-osceola_times.txt
  1877-11-29-ellsworth_american.txt
  1877-11-29-winchester_home_jour.txt

Chinese robes like petticoats
  1877-12-13-milan_exchange.txt
  1877-12-21-jasper_weekly_courier.txt
  1877-12-22-dodge_city_times.txt


== 1878 ======================================================================

Hartford HS graduation, one CEM student mentioned Tun Yen Liang
  1878-04-26-springfield_republican.txt

new commissioner
  1878-07-29-baltimore_sun.txt
  1878-08-30-cincinnati_commercial.txt

embassy visit.  y.w. americanized
  1878-09-19-new_york_sun.txt

students from columbia
  1878-04-17-new_york_tribune.txt

Thailand interested in emulating CEM
  1878-02-02-westminster_advocate.txt
  1878-02-07-milan_exchange.txt
  1878-02-16-dodge_city_times.txt
  1878-05-17-ashtabula_telegraph.txt

YW donates books to yale
  1878-06-26-juniata_sentinel.txt

Students camping at Twin Lakes
  1878-07-11-connecticut_western.txt


Ambassador arriving at SF and traveling east
  1878-07-13-chicago_tribune.txt
  1878-07-13-carson_city_appeal.txt
  1878-07-13-new_york_tribune.txt
  1878-07-13-richmond_dispatch.txt
  1878-07-13-evening_star.txt
  1878-07-18-saline_county_journal.txt
  1878-07-31-central_presbyterian.txt
  1878-08-04-chicago_tribune.txt
  1878-08-07-wheeling_intelligencer.txt
  1878-08-09-evening_star.txt
  1878-08-31-washington_standard.txt


Students withdrawing applications from harvard due to bad crew performance
  1878-07-20-daily_globe.txt


Travels of Embassy; Chinese laborers; banquet
  1878-08-11-new_york_herald.txt

Student's vacation travels
  1878-08-16-willimantic_journal.txt

Arrival of the Embassy at Hartford; CEM introduction
  1878-08-17-chicago_tribune.txt


== 1879 ======================================================================

chinese new year
  1879-01-24-springfield_republican.txt

Ngau returning
  1879-04-30-deseret_news.txt
  1879-04-22-salt_lake_tribune.txt

Chinese Christian home mission
  1879-04-02-evening_star.txt
  1879-04-03-nh_patriot.txt
  1879-04-04-springfield_republican.txt
  1879-04-09-smyrna_times.txt
  1879-04-22-stauntin_spectator.txt

Students at williston buying suit to tweak classmates
  1879-05-31-new_york_tribune.txt
  1879-06-11-indiana_sentinel.txt (dup)
  1879-06-21-trinity_journal.txt
  1879-07-17-milan_exchange.txt
  1879-08-02-opelousas_courier.txt (dup)

???
  1879-03-26-ogden_junction.txt

Students on vacation; complaints about laundrymen
  1879-08-26-carson_city_appeal.txt

CEM students entering college
  1879-09-11-new_york_tribune.txt
  1879-03-14-springfield_republican.txt

Gift of history of China to museum from CEM student
  1879-09-16-portland_press.txt
  1879-09-18-new_york_tribune.txt
  1879-09-24-kennebec_journal.txt
  1879-10-09-chillicothe_crisis.txt

Chinese/Japanese students in American schools
  1879-10-07-gloucester_democrat.txt
  1879-10-09-elk_county_advocate.txt
  1879-10-11-narragansett_herald.txt
  1879-10-23-centre_reporter.txt

Phebe Brown and YW
  1879-11-29-southern_christian.txt

Kwong Ki Chin on chinese immigration
  1879-03-22-new_york_tribune.txt
  1879-03-26-sandusky_register.txt

Lazy student threatened with beheading
  1879-04-17-eaton_democrat.txt
  1879-03-12-abbeville_press.txt

Students graduating from Hartford high school
  1879-05-07-press_and_dakotaian.txt

Former commissioner traveling to SF
  1879-05-23-daily_leader.txt

YW introduction
  1879-03-01-new_york_tribune.txt

Anti-Chinese bills and effects on students
  1879-02-25-new_york_herald.txt

Anti-Chinese bills: CEM students as examples against
  1879-02-20-jackson_standard.txt
  1879-02-20-puget_sound_argus.txt


== 1880 ======================================================================

Williston graduation, with several mentions of CEM students
  1880-07-02-springfield_republican.txt

arrival of commissioner wu
  1880-10-31-madison_state_journal.txt
  1880-02-19-sacramentio_union.txt

Students attending New England schools
  1880-01-29-concord_independent.txt
  1880-02-26-elk_county_advocate.txt
  1880-02-28-narragansett_herald.txt
  1880-03-03-daily_globe.txt
  1880-04-01-centre_democrat.txt
  1880-11-20-honolulu_advertiser.txt


Students in declamation contests
  1880-04-01-morning_journal.txt

Joke version of little bumblebee (chinese student at Andover)
  1880-02-07-frostburg_mining.txt
  1880-02-11-watertown_republican.txt
  1880-03-04-eaton_democrat.txt
  1880-03-11-redwood_gazette.txt
  1880-03-12-magnolia_gazette.txt
  1880-04-02-albany_register.txt
  1880-04-03-osceola_times.txt
  1880-04-07-morristown_gazette.txt

Letter from Bancroft praising PAA students
  1880-03-06-southern_christian.txt
  1880-04-01-centre_democrat-2.txt

Yale coxswain:
  1880-06-19-arizona_citizen.txt
  1880-08-13-holt_county_sentinel.txt

CEM students take honors at graduation of Hopkins Grammar School
  1880-07-16-morning_journal.txt

Japanese and Chinese students (Scriber's)
  1880-07-17-westminster_advocate.txt
  1880-07-21-watertown_republican.txt
  1880-07-29-saint_marys_beacon.txt
  1880-07-30-morning_journal.txt
  1880-08-25-newtown_bee.txt
  1880-09-08-abbeville_press.txt

Student sent back for cutting queue
  1880-08-24-sacramentio_union.txt
  1880-08-24-evening_star.txt
  1880-08-27-lancaster_intelligencer.txt
  1880-08-27-springfield_republican.txt
  1880-08-31-butte_weekly_miner.txt
  1880-09-03-essex_county_herald.txt
  1880-09-15-hawaiian_gazette.txt
  1880-10-14-red_cloud_chief.txt

Students studying Chinese at Hartford
  1880-08-27-mankato_free_press.txt
  1880-10-14-ravenna_democratic.txt


Yung Kwai escape
  1880-09-02-richmond_dispatch.txt
  1880-09-03-springfield_republican.txt
  1880-09-10-chicago_tribune.txt
  1880-09-10-chicago_tribune-2.txt
  1880-09-10-springfield_republican.txt
  1880-09-11-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1880-09-13-sacramentio_union.txt
  1880-09-14-butte_weekly_miner.txt
  1880-10-16-southern_christian.txt

China is coming along
  1880-11-10-central_presbyterian.txt


== 1881 ======================================================================

recall
  1881-10-02-daily_globe.txt

Kin Ta Ting on recall
  1881-10-20-morgan_republican.txt
  1881-09-30-boston_post.txt

reasons for recall
  1881-08-05-springfield_republican-2.txt
  1881-07-30-new_york_tribune.txt
  1881-07-30-new_york_tribune-2.txt
  1881-08-08-rock_island_argus.txt
  1881-09-02-nyt.txt
  1881-08-24-philadelphia_times.txt

recall announcement
  1881-07-15-daily_globe.txt
  1881-07-15-daily_leader.txt
  1881-07-15-lancaster_intelligencer.txt
  1881-07-15-daily_republican.txt
  1881-07-15-national_republican.txt
  1881-07-15-evening_star.txt
  1881-07-15-portland_press.txt
  1881-07-15-new_york_tribune.txt
  1881-07-15-baltimore_sun.txt
  1881-07-15-indianapolis_news.txt
  1881-07-15-indianapolis_journal.txt
  1881-07-15-chester_daily_times.txt
  1881-07-15-boston_post.txt
  1881-07-16-colorado_springs_gaz.txt
  1881-07-16-daily_intelligencer.txt
  1881-07-16-eureka_daily_sentinel.txt
  1881-07-18-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1881-07-21-weekly_leader.txt
  1881-07-21-litchfield_enquirer.txt
  1881-07-21-chillicothe_crisis.txt
  1881-07-21-belleville_telescope.txt
  1881-07-22-corvallis_gazette-2.txt
  1881-07-23-oakland_republican.txt
  1881-08-05-county_paper.txt


recall announcement w/mention of boys being americanized
  1881-07-18-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-07-22-corvallis_gazette.txt
  1881-07-27-daily_astorian.txt
  1881-07-22-vermont_phoenix.txt

recall and racism
  1881-09-01-centre_democrat.txt
  1881-07-29-willimantic_journal.txt

students traveling back to china
  1881-08-05-springfield_republican.txt
  1881-08-09-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-08-26-springfield_republican.txt

aptness of scholars
  1881-10-26-geneseo_sun.txt

kwong's dictionary
  1881-06-27-quincy_daily_whig.txt
  1881-03-16-philadelphia_times.txt
  1881-03-10-lancaster_intelligencer.txt
  1881-03-27-knoxville_chronicle.txt
  1881-04-23-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-08-26-springfield_republican-2.txt


---
Telegraphy school
  1881-06-14-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-06-17-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-06-18-memphis_public_ledger.txt
  1881-06-19-eureka_daily_sentinel.txt
  1881-06-19-las_vegas_gazette.txt
  1881-06-19-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-06-20-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-06-27-morning_journal.txt
  1881-06-30-kennebec_journal.txt
  1881-06-30-wheeling_register.txt
  1881-07-01-pawpaw_true_northerner.txt
  1881-07-06-connecticut_western.txt
  1881-07-09-narragansett_herald.txt
  1881-07-14-elk_county_advocate.txt
  1881-07-14-gloucester_democrat.txt
  1881-07-27-abbeville_press.txt
  1881-07-29-vermont_phoenix.txt
  1881-08-06-pinal_drill.txt
  1881-08-26-washington_standard.txt

reasons for recall
  1881-07-16-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-07-17-daily_leader.txt
  1881-07-17-eureka_daily_sentinel.txt
  1881-07-17-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1881-07-17-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-07-28-helena_herald.txt

student education too liberal for chinese govt
  1881-07-17-new_york_dispatch.txt
  1881-07-22-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1881-07-23-dillon_tribune.txt
  1881-07-24-elko_independent.txt
  1881-07-26-butte_weekly_miner.txt
  1881-08-02-bloomfield_times.txt

recall announcement
  1881-07-16-las_vegas_gazette.txt
  1881-07-16-morning_journal.txt
  1881-07-17-daily_leader-2.txt
  1881-07-17-daily_intelligencer.txt 
  1881-07-22-corvallis_gazette.txt
  1881-07-22-south_branch_intell.txt
  1881-07-23-oakland_republican.txt

recall because education too practical
  1881-07-18-chicago_tribune.txt

recall because students learn too much
  1881-07-21-lake_county_star.txt
  1881-07-22-owosso_times.txt

students likely to be recalled
  1881-07-22-springfield_republican.txt

China must grow from within; perhaps recall is proper.
  1881-07-27-butler_citizen.txt

Interview with attache on train; students to be educated in Europe
  1881-07-27-daily_leader.txt
  1881-07-27-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1881-07-27-lancaster_intelligencer.txt
  1881-07-27-new_york_tribune.txt
  1881-07-27-portland_press.txt
  1881-07-27-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-07-27-daily_globe.txt
  1881-07-27-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-07-27-national_republican.txt
  1881-07-27-daily_republican.txt
  1881-07-27-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1881-07-29-vermont_phoenix.txt
  1881-07-29-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1881-07-30-westminster_advocate.txt
  1881-08-03-connecticut_western.txt
  1881-08-04-canton_advocate.txt
  1881-08-04-eaton_democrat.txt
  1881-08-04-redwood_gazette.txt
  1881-08-04-river_falls_journal.txt
  1881-08-04-somerset_press.txt
  1881-08-04-wood_country_reporter.txt
  1881-08-05-iowa_county_democrat.txt
  1881-08-05-owosso_times.txt
  1881-08-05-stanford_interial_jour.txt
  1881-08-06-fremont_county_record.txt

Students to leave Hartford
  1881-07-27-morning_journal.txt
  1881-07-29-willimantic_journal.txt
  1881-08-03-morning_journal.txt

Students studying telephones, with offensive charactiture
  1881-07-27-connecticut_western.txt

CEM commissioner says students not being sent to europe
  1881-07-28-kennebec_journal.txt
  1881-07-28-portland_press.txt
  1881-07-30-las_vegas_gazette.txt
  1881-07-30-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-08-01-mount_holly_news.txt
  1881-08-02-stauntin_spectator.txt

Interview with japanese consul
  1881-07-29-national_republican.txt

recall announcement w/mention of boys being americanized
  1881-07-31-daily_leader.txt
  1881-07-31-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-08-02-portland_press.txt
  1881-08-02-daily_intelligencer.txt
  1881-08-05-corvallis_gazette.txt
  1881-08-10-central_presbyterian-2.txt

recall thought to be due to Europe trying to promote trade w/china
  1881-08-01-savannah_morning_news.txt

statement of American consul at Canton
  1881-08-07-daily_leader.txt

recall due to refusal to admit students to military academies; students may stay
  1881-08-07-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-08-07-las_vegas_gazette.txt
  1881-08-07-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1881-08-08-wheeling_register.txt
  1881-08-09-daily_leader.txt
  1881-08-11-lake_county_star-2.txt
  1881-08-11-helena_herald.txt
  1881-08-12-corvallis_gazette.txt
  1881-08-18-eaton_democrat.txt

first group leaves hartford
  1881-08-09-kennebec_journal.txt
  1881-08-09-morning_journal.txt
  1881-08-09-portland_press.txt
  1881-08-09-daily_argus.txt
  1881-08-09-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-09-national_republican.txt
  1881-08-09-evening_star.txt
  1881-08-09-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1881-08-10-daily_leader.txt
  1881-08-10-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-08-10-washington_critic.txt
  1881-08-12-canton_register.txt

Chinese legation annoyed by rumors about students
  1881-08-10-dallas_herald.txt
  1881-08-11-dallas_herald.txt

academic excellence of cem students
  1881-08-10-central_presbyterian.txt
  1881-08-11-lake_county_star.txt
  1881-09-22-redwood_gazette.txt

students en route home; not admitted to military academies; may go to europe
  1881-08-10-daily_argus.txt
  1881-08-11-eureka_daily_sentinel.txt
  1881-08-11-lancaster_intelligencer.txt
  1881-08-11-las_vegas_gazette.txt
  1881-08-11-la_daily_herald.txt
  1881-08-11-la_daily_herald-2.txt
  1881-08-11-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1881-08-11-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-08-11-national_republican.txt
  1881-08-11-evening_star.txt
  1881-08-11-wheeling_register.txt
  1881-08-11-daily_republican.txt
  1881-08-11-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1881-08-12-middletown_transceipt.txt
  1881-08-12-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-13-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-13-daily_republican.txt
  1881-08-17-columbus_journal.txt
  1881-08-17-smyrna_times.txt
  1881-08-18-emporia_weekly_news.txt
  1881-08-18-princeton_union.txt
  1881-08-18-somerset_press.txt
  1881-08-25-russelville_democreat.txt

New chinese legation; return not due to students being americanized
  1881-08-11-daily_leader.txt
  1881-08-11-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-24-juniata_sentinel.txt
  1881-08-24-daily_republican.txt
  1881-08-25-lake_county_star.txt
  1881-08-25-canton_advocate.txt
  1881-08-26-owosso_times.txt

students en route
  1881-08-11-daily_bee.txt
  1881-08-12-sacramentio_union-2.txt
  1881-08-15-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-16-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-17-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1881-08-18-redwood_gazette.txt
  1881-08-19-mankato_free_press.txt
  1881-08-25-kennebec_journal.txt
  1881-08-25-daily_leader.txt
  1881-08-25-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-08-25-chicago_tribune-2.txt
  1881-08-25-las_vegas_gazette.txt
  1881-08-25-daily_bee.txt
  1881-08-25-daily_bee-2.txt
  1881-08-25-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-25-sacramentio_union-2.txt
  1881-08-25-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1881-08-26-daily_leader.txt
  1881-08-26-daily_argus.txt
  1881-08-26-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-26-sacramentio_union-2.txt
  1881-08-27-daily_leader.txt
  1881-08-27-daily_leader-2.txt
  1881-08-27-daily_globe.txt
  1881-08-29-kennebec_journal.txt
  1881-08-29-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-08-31-morning_journal.txt
  1881-09-01-concord_independent.txt
  1881-09-01-wellington_enterprise.txt
  1881-09-02-owosso_times.txt
  1881-09-03-milan_exchange.txt
  1881-09-08-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-09-20-morning_journal.txt
  1881-10-01-daily_leader.txt
  1881-10-01-st_landry_democrat.txt  
  1881-10-03-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-10-03-sacramentio_union-2.txt
  1881-10-03-silver_state.txt
  1881-10-06-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-11-09-new_ulm_weekly_review.txt
  1881-11-11-daily_leader.txt
  1881-11-11-ouachita_telegraph.txt

order modified
  1881-08-12-owosso_times.txt

general Tso
  1881-08-13-new_york_tribune.txt
  1881-08-14-salt_lake_herald.txt

favoring limits on immigration
  1881-08-13-weekly_visitor.txt

logistics for return
  1881-08-14-daily_globe.txt

students ordered to leave lafayette college
  1881-08-17-lancaster_intelligencer.txt

students recalled due to americanization
  1881-08-18-new_york_sun.txt
  1881-08-18-evening_star.txt
  1881-08-19-wheeling_register.txt
  1881-08-24-butler_citizen.txt
  1881-08-26-cleveland_herald.txt

returned students to work in telegraphy
  1881-08-18-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1881-08-19-weekly_visitor.txt
  1881-08-20-national_republican.txt
  1881-08-22-wilmington_gazette.txt
  1881-08-30-memphis_public_ledger.txt
  1881-11-04-owosso_times.txt

students recalled because commissioner was homesick
  1881-08-19-lancaster_intelligencer.txt

rock island line
  1881-08-20-ottawa_free_trader.txt

new military academies being established
  1881-08-23-towanda_daily_review.txt
  1881-08-23-wheeling_register.txt

recall due to change of ministers
  1881-08-24-mower_county_xscript.txt
  1881-08-25-evening_star.txt
  1881-08-26-evening_star.txt

kwong's dictionary
  1881-08-26-springfield_republican.txt

chinese students headed west, with offensive charactiture
  1881-08-27-memphis_public_ledger.txt

establishment of military academies symptomatic of decline of china
  1881-08-27-memphis_daily_appeal.txt

Blurb about NY herald article
  1881-08-28-daily_leader.txt

abolishment after bad report from Woo
  1881-08-28-daily_leader-2.txt
  1881-08-29-kennebec_journal-2.txt
  1881-08-29-evening_star.txt
  1881-09-01-redwood_gazette.txt
  1881-09-24-pinal_drill.txt
  1881-10-02-daily_globe.txt
  1881-10-14-washington_standard.txt

chinese students complain of leftovers
  1881-08-30-lancaster_intelligencer.txt

recall eliminates cheap competition for american students (satire?)
  1881-08-30-sumpter_watchhman.txt

competing offers to transport students across continent
  1881-09-01-ironton_register.txt
  1881-09-02-iola_register.txt
  1881-09-10-peoples_vindicator.txt

students arrived from america to france to complete education
  1881-09-02-south_branch_intell.txt

recall due to bad treatment of Chinese on west coast + americanization
  1881-09-02-daily_republican.txt

students changed religion
  1881-09-15-gloucester_democrat.txt
  1881-09-28-abbeville_press.txt

recall due to the students complaining of not being served rat
  1881-09-16-pawpaw_true_northerner.txt

students to be offered professorships at new college in china
  1881-09-16-daily_republican.txt
  1881-09-24-oakland_republican.txt

students in san francisco
  1881-09-17-honolulu_advertiser.txt
  1881-09-23-daily_argus.txt
  1881-09-24-mcminnville_standard.txt
  1881-09-30-jasper_weekly_courier.txt

yung wing's feelings
  1881-09-24-pinal_drill-2.txt

recall entirely due to dissatisfaction with new treaty
  1881-09-27-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-09-27-chicago_tribune-2.txt

last group leaves hartford
  1881-09-28-evening_star.txt
  1881-09-29-sacramentio_union.txt
  1881-09-30-springfield_republican.txt
  1881-09-30-silver_state.txt
  1881-09-30-silver_state.txt
  1881-10-06-grant_county_herald.txt
  1881-10-06-mineral_point_tribune.txt
  1881-10-06-wedena_farmer.txt
  1881-10-10-national_republican.txt

editorial wishing chinese to leave; can do without students
  1881-09-29-chicago_tribune.txt

dog days (joke about eating dogs)
  1881-09-30-bloomsburg_columbian.txt
  1881-10-10-national_republican.txt

last student traveling west
  1881-10-02-daily_leader.txt

students prefer chinese food
  1881-10-12-smyrna_times.txt

recall due to conservative factions; hope Emperor dies soon.
  1881-10-15-daily_astorian.txt

letter from Chan Pan Fay
  1881-11-02-morning_journal.txt

students recalled due to learning bad habits
  1881-11-04-middletown_transceipt.txt

methodist college in shanghai to avoid problems of CEM
  1881-11-19-southern_christian.txt

arrival home of students, some confined
  1881-11-22-morning_journal.txt
  1881-11-29-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1881-11-30-morning_journal.txt
  1881-11-30-silver_state.txt
  1881-12-02-carson_city_appeal.txt
  1881-12-03-oakland_republican.txt
  1881-12-23-cairo_bulletin.txt
  1881-12-24-national_republican.txt

students on ship back to china, singing my country 'tis of thee
  1881-11-24-greenville_courier.txt

chinese cologne
  1881-12-21-morning_journal.txt

Chin Tah Fay beheaded for murdering father
  1881-12-22-chicago_tribune.txt
  1881-12-22-litchfield_enquirer.txt

recall due to anti-chinese sentiment
  1881-12-29-brenham_weekly_banner.txt

== 1882 ======================================================================


yew fun tan on CEM
  1882-06-06-morning_journal.txt

student beheaded due to girlfriend
  1882-01-09-sacramentio_union.txt
  1882-01-10-morning_journal.txt
  1882-01-10-daily_bee.txt
  1882-01-10-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1882-01-13-springfield_republican.txt
  1882-01-13-willimantic_journal.txt
  1882-01-14-dillon_tribune.txt
  1882-01-14-ottawa_free_trader.txt
  1882-01-14-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1882-01-19-west_jersey_pioneer.txt
  1882-01-19-dallas_herald.txt
  1882-01-19-manitowoc_pilot.txt
  1882-01-20-morning_journal.txt
  1882-01-21-southern_christian.txt
  1882-01-26-benton_record.txt
  1882-01-27-middletown_transceipt.txt
  1882-02-04-oakland_republican.txt
  1882-02-11-oakland_republican.txt
  1882-03-21-south_kentuckian.txt

Beheading story false
  1882-05-15-morning_journal.txt
  1882-05-19-willimantic_journal.txt

No govt students in US.  expecting more to be sent to other countries.
  1882-01-11-mower_county_xscript.txt
  1882-01-11-watertown_republican.txt
  1882-01-14-superior_times.txt
  1882-02-01-wellington_enterprise.txt

Students confined on return
  1882-01-11-daily_argus.txt
  1882-01-12-cairo_bulletin.txt
  1882-01-12-ravenna_democratic.txt
  1882-01-18-kennebec_journal.txt
  1882-01-25-la_daily_herald.txt
  1882-01-25-sacramentio_union.txt
  1882-01-29-arizona_citizen.txt
  1882-02-01-connecticut_western.txt
  1882-02-05-new_york_dispatch.txt
  1882-02-16-morrisville_citizen.txt
  1882-02-19-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1882-02-23-daily_leader.txt
  1882-02-24-springfield_republican.txt
  1882-03-04-sacramentio_union.txt

auction of CEM articles
  1882-01-21-morning_journal.txt
  1882-02-11-sacramentio_union.txt
  1882-02-02-oskaloosa_herald.txt
  1882-02-25-huntsville_gazette.txt
  1882-03-17-kentucky_bourbon_news.txt
  1882-05-27-pinal_drill.txt

Students treated well on return
  1882-01-26-savannah_morning_news.txt

Student who murdered father beheaded
  1882-02-01-union_county_courier.txt
  1882-03-02-red_cloud_chief.txt

Returned students working on telegraphy
  1882-02-28-maine_oxford_democrat.txt

Letter from students
  1882-03-08-connecticut_western.txt
  1882-03-23-morrisville_citizen.txt
  1882-03-24-willimantic_journal.txt
  1882-07-13-emporia_weekly_news.txt
  1882-08-10-morning_journal.txt

Treatment of returned students exemplifies bad motives of china
  1882-03-22-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1882-03-22-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1882-03-29-jackson_clarion.txt
  1882-03-29-watertown_republican.txt

Recall related to students forgetting chinese
  1882-03-23-ironton_register.txt
  1882-03-29-wellington_enterprise.txt

Govt wants to sent some students back to hartford
  1882-03-24-vermont_phoenix.txt
  1882-03-30-chillicothe_crisis.txt
  1882-04-28-idaho_s_weekly_world.txt
  1882-05-02-morning_journal.txt
  1882-05-31-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1882-06-01-morning_journal.txt
  1882-06-07-connecticut_western.txt
  1882-06-16-la_daily_herald.txt
  1882-06-16-sacramentio_union.txt
  1882-06-16-salt_lake_herald.txt
  1882-06-17-maysville_bulletin.txt
  1882-06-17-morning_journal.txt
  1882-06-17-sacramentio_union.txt
  1882-06-19-kennebec_journal.txt
  1882-06-20-kentucky_bourbon_news.txt
  1882-06-22-grant_county_herald.txt
  1882-06-22-somerset_press.txt
  1882-06-22-worthington_advance.txt
  1882-06-22-yale_expositor.txt
  1882-06-23-vermont_phoenix.txt
  1882-06-23-johnsbury_caledonian.txt
  1882-06-23-springfield_republican.txt
  1882-06-28-connecticut_western.txt
  1882-06-26-orleans_county_monitor.txt
  1882-06-28-central_presbyterian.txt
  1882-06-29-barbour_county_index.txt
  1882-06-29-pickens_sentinel.txt
  1882-07-04-daily_astorian.txt
  1882-07-06-dallas_herald.txt

Party/sectional standing on anti-chinese bill, related to knowlege of CEM
  1882-04-06-helena_herald.txt
  1882-04-07-gold_hill_news.txt

Students to naval school; new students to Europe.
  1882-04-15-memphis_public_ledger.txt
  1882-04-21-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1882-04-29-butte_s_weekly_miner.txt
  1882-05-05-corvallis_gazette.txt

Ethics investigation of Northrup, incl. receiving gifts for work with CEM students
  1882-04-19-connecticut_western.txt
  1882-07-08-morning_journal.txt

Chinese official traveling on behalf of students
  1882-05-11-chillicothe_crisis.txt

Student returned to Yale
  1882-05-11-ironton_register.txt

Letter from student; beheading story false
  1882-05-16-morning_journal.txt

Students learned kissing
  1882-09-07-monmouth_inquirer.txt

China giving up on returning students due to anti-China laws
  1882-09-15-daily_globe.txt
  1882-09-15-springfield_republican.txt
  1882-09-18-wood_river_times.txt
  1882-09-27-memphis_daily_appeal.txt
  1882-09-28-albuquerque_journal.txt
  1882-09-28-emporia_weekly_news.txt
  1882-10-25-fairfield_herald.txt

Boy married involuntarily
  1882-11-23-lancaster_intelligencer.txt
  1882-11-23-evening_star.txt
  1882-11-28-savannah_morning_news.txt
  1882-12-01-dallas_herald.txt
  1882-12-07-morrisville_citizen.txt
  1882-12-08-barbour_county_index.txt
  1882-12-08-daily_globe.txt
  1882-12-15-jamestown_alert.txt
  1882-12-27-pt_pleasant_register.txt

== 1885 ======================================================================

Yan Phou Lee winning Yale composition prize
  1885-01-02-springfield_republican.txt


== 1887 ======================================================================

whereabouts of CEM students
  1887-03-20-daily_bee.txt


== 1895 ======================================================================

history of recall and attempts at revival
  1895-01-18-springfield_republican.txt


== 1897 ======================================================================

boys coming to be educated
  1897-01-30-lamar_register.txt


== 1905 ======================================================================

death of e.c. gardner, host family
  1905-05-26-springfield_republican.txt


== 1908 ======================================================================

comments on chinese conservatatism
  1908-12-26-evening_star.txt


==============================================================================

1882-02-11-hartford-connecticut-the_examiner/
1882-02-16-concord-new_hampshire-independent_statesman/
1889-11-30-narragansett_pier-rhode_island-Narragansett_herald,_Hopkinton_gazette,_and_North_Kingstown_courier/
1889-12-05-kingwood-west_virginia-west_virginia_argus/
1889-12-13-tazewell-virginia-clinch_valley_news/
1890-05-17-savannah-georgia-Savannah_morning_news/


===============================================
???
CHINESE EDUCATIONAL MISSION.
Advices from China indicate the recall of the Chinese educational mission, established at Hartford in 1872. There are about 100 young Chinese men studying in this country, of whom about 50 are in colleges and technical schools.
Source: Philadelphia Times, 10 Apr 1880, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Page 1


Recall of the Chinese Mission.
Hartford, Conn., July 14. — Late advices from China indicate the recall of the Chinese educational mission, established in Hartford in 1872. The cause of this action is not clearly understood, but it is expected that the boys will soon start for home. There are now about 100 studying in this country, of whom 50 are in colleges or technical schools. The early termination of the mission causes much regret here.
Source:
New York Tribune, 31 Jul 1881, New York, New York, p. 3
